 Service-Oriented Architecture and RPC
Learning Objectives
Be able to..
describe Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA) and microservices and how they relate to client-server systems.
define Remote Procedure Call (RPC), what stubs/skeletons do, and the problems that they solve.
reason about RPC semantics and understand how to implement them.
Service-Oriented Architecture & Microservices
At internet-scale, large scale systems require more than just one software system!
Scalability
Fault tolerance
Development organization
Service Oriented Architecture
split an application into services that each expose a network API.
Each service scaled, has fault managed, and is developed independently.
Today’s systems often use “microservices”: super small services!
Each service is both a client and a server
Client because they invoke other services
Server because they respond to other services
Huge ecosystem of new challenges/solutions in this space (load balancers, API gateways, service discovery, versioning issues, consistency, partial failures, etc.)
Remote Procedure Class (RPC)
Challenge: writing all the “plumbing” code is cumbersome. 
Serializing arguments, sending requests, deserializing results, etc.
Much of this code is the same across different services!
Remote Procedure Calls
An abstraction to make invoking a service look like calling a function!
For the client: you invoke a local procedure call
For the server: you write a “callback” function that is invoked on each service invocation
The framework manages all of the cumbersome “plumbing” code.
Key ideas:
Interface definition: describes the data sent between the client and server
Stub: function generated by framework for the client-side
Handler: function generated by framework for server side
Do RPCs behave the same as local procedure calls?
The semantic gap between RPC and local procedure calls
We assume that procedures always execute exactly once, can RPCs behave this way?
Remember, RPCs work on a faulty network:
Can duplicate messages
Can lose messages
What are the semantics of RPC given a faulty network?
At most once semantics: 
Client throws a message at the server, server processes it, server returns response
If client message is lost, the RPC never executes!
Nevertheless, sometimes this is OK.
At least once semantics:
Client includes a retry mechanism to handle a lost message.
If server response is lost, the RPC executes multiple times!
Nevertheless, sometimes this is OK. (Idemopotent calls).
Exactly once semantics:
Client includes a retry and a unique ID for each RPC call. 
Client retires if there’s a timeout
Server has to check to see if it has seen this message before. 
Downside: requires an unbounded amount of memory to ensure correctness.


