---
tags:
  - daily
created:
  "{ ? { date } }":
mood 0-10: "7"
ystrdy-event: first day completing all major tasks!
---
> [!goals]
>
> * [ ] complete backend for user (and auth) contingent on latter
> * [ ] read some 中文
> * [ ] exercise part 2
> * [ ] art! (if you want to later) begin to study not just draw random shiz

> [!todo]
>
> * [ ] brush teeth
> * [ ] wash face
> * [ ] exercise
> * [ ] caloric intake goal
> * [x] git commits (this repo doesn't count unless studying CS)
> * [x] plan tomorrow
> * [ ] study and review

## log
* yesterday was a huge success although i felt like i did nothing. basically what i need to improve on is engaging my brain more before i resort to the use of AI. major studies have been revealing some concerning info for me. i don't want to be the chatgpt programmer
* Elad said something today; cpp doesn't have a use case. i need to think more about that. obviously it does, but, how big of a future does it have? interested in learning python a lot, but how AI proof is this? what is ai proof? can i obtain an in depth python understanding and have that be ai proof? what is beyond surface level?
* i like these logs. it was a great idea
* excited to speedrun school again. 
* need to engage brain. all costs

## reflection
* successes yesterday i completed all tasks for the first time
* failures yesterday i was simultaneously unproductive
* tomorrow complete all tasks! lets stay on a streak. I want to reserve Todo and Goals section to be distinctive from each other. i like the idea that a goal is more of a philosophical endeavor and a todo is a task

